https://github.com/GokuDanAsh/OIBSIP/assets/103551779/29fc0267-acfe-4159-960d-c72778e3841c
# Number Guessing Game

The Number Guessing Game is a simple Java project that allows users to guess a random number generated by the computer. The game provides an interactive experience with options to play the game, view the score board, display game instructions, and exit the game.

## Features

- Generate a random number within a specified range.
- Prompt the user to guess the generated number.
- Provide hints (higher or lower) to guide the user's guesses.
- Keep track of the number of tries it takes to guess the correct number.
- Display a score board to show the user's best performances.
- Provide clear instructions on how to play the game.

## How to Play

1. Choose option 1 to play the game.
2. Specify the range for the random number (e.g., 1 to 100).
3. Start guessing the number.
4. The computer will provide feedback on whether your guess is higher or lower.
5. Keep guessing until you find the correct number.
6. Your score (number of tries) will be recorded on the score board.

## Instructions

Choose option 3 to display detailed game instructions. Here's a summary of the game rules:

- The system generates a random number from a specified range.
- You will be prompted to enter your guess.
- The computer provides feedback on your guess (higher or lower).
- The game continues until you guess the correct number.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Compile and run the Java code using your preferred IDE or command line.

```shell
javac NumberGuessingGame.java
java NumberGuessingGame
